Fantasy Kombat

This challenge is about creating  a game simulation. Don't need to have UI or anything visual.

The goal is just modeling and architecting and small combat game simulation. No inputs are needed as well, you can just mock values from your game bootstrap.

To see whats happening you’ll use Logs to describe every action and result for each step of the simulation. Following the pattern described at the end of this file.



The game is a cvc combat turn based. (Computer vs computer which every character has its own turn to atack).

The Character must have a name, atack base points, defence, life, luck bonus and speed.


Speed: a property to decide which player should atack first. If the speed value is equal, then order should be random for each turn.

Life: amount of points to be reduce for each received damage. If gets 0 value, then the player loses.

Defence: amount of value to subtract from enemy’s total atack to calculate the damage.

Atack: base points to calculate the total atack.

Total atack: atack base points multiplied by a contant.

If is a miss atack, constant is 0
If is a normal atack, contant is 1
If is a critical atack, constant is 3
Miss and critical have 20% of chance and normal 60%.

Luck bonus: is a bonus to be added in the % of critical chance.

The game ends when a player loses, ie when life is 0.

You have 3 days to finish this challenge and send us the git url.

Any useful or pertinent information you can use project readme.md file.

Good luck



Log pattern:

Start Game

Log players properties

Round (number of round)
Name inflicts x of damage
Name2 has y points of life left

Name2 inflicts x of damage
Name1 has y points of life left

Name winner
End game

Ps: if attacks is critical or miss, log it before the damage log




Example:

Start GAME

Player1: Midoriya, atack: 10, defence: 3, speed: 50, life: 35, luck: 50
Player2: Bakugo, atack: 10, defence: 5, speed: 40, life: 50, luck: 0

Round 1
Critical!
Midoriya inflicts 25 of damage
Bakugo has 25 points of life left
Critical!
Bakugo inflicts 27 of damage
Midoriya has 8 points of life left

Round 2
Miss
Midoriya inflicts 0 of damage
Bakugo has 25 points of life left
Bakugo inflicts 7 of damage
Midoriya has 1 points of life left

Round 3
Midoriya inflicts 5 of damage
Bakugo has 20 points of life left
Critical!
Bakugo inflicts 27 of damage
Midoriya has 0 points of life left

Bakugo wins !!!
END GAME